Next on PIJN News, Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
A Christian pastor is shot dead as a martyr, but let's help his widow and three orphan children.
The government in Canada seeks to ban crosses and public prayers.
In a court in Japan, bans gay marriage.
Former Navy chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt took a stand to defend religious freedom by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news, discerning the spirits and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus' name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingensmith, Dr. Chaps, and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits, and we pray the scriptures in Jesus' name.
Are you ready to pray the news with us?
Here's our first story.
A pastor, a Christian pastor in Udranwala, Pakistan has been shot dead as a martyr, but today you and our ministry are helping to comfort and support his grieving widow and three orphans.
International Christian Concern and Persecution.org report, a wave of sadness and fear has spread throughout the Pakistani Christian community.
after pastor comran solomon age forty-five was shot and killed in a targeted attack on december fifth outside of his own house in islam colony silky road good run wallah pakistan pastor solomon leaves behind his wife salmina kumran and his children new mirror arena and area l who now face deep grief and heartbreaking loss
Spent a month in Pakistan this year, and I personally visited in Gujarat and Islamabad in Lahore, where I trained pastors that are now comforting the family and bringing them your money to make sure that they land on their feet.
But this is a heartbreaking loss for everyone in the Christian community.
Esther Solomon's death has shocked the Christian community throughout Pakistan, as believers remember him as a humble and faithful servant of Jesus Christ, who refused to stop proclaiming the truth of the gospel, even after they shot him in the leg a month ago.
Giving him a warning, stop preaching about Jesus, or we'll kill you.
Well, he kept preaching and they killed him.
According to local sources, Pastor Solomon was preparing to take his daughter to college.
When an unknown attacker came from behind and started shooting a close range, bullets hit him in the abdomen, the left ear of the right wrist, and his young daughter, going to college with him.
Bravely tried to help him, striking the gunman with her father's crutch, forcing the gunman to flee.
The father was then brushed to Civic Hospital in Gudrunmala for emergency treatment, but sadly he did not survive his injuries.
Police arrived shortly thereafter, collected forensic material, secured closed caption television footage of a nearby location.
A police report, first information report, was registered under section 324 of the Pakistan Penal Code, and Pastor Solomon's daughter may be called as an eyewitness describing a man with a long beard as the attacker.
The investigation is ongoing, and Christians across Pakistan are
demanding justice for this pastor and others who have suffered martyrdom for simply preaching the gospel.
According to his family, the conflict began after dispute over church land in Raoul Pindy.
A few months ago, as I said, Solomon survived a different shooting in Islamabad that left him with a badly injured leg.
After that happened in Islamabad, he moved to Lahore,
But then he still didn't feel safe and finally shifted to Gudrunwala, which is more rural and village district just near Lahore seeking refuge, but still the threats continued.
Despite the threats, he continued to work on behalf of Jesus Christ.
Pastor Solomon's funeral, sadly, did occur on December 6th, one day after the shooting at St. Paul Presbyterian Church in Gudrunwala.
where thousands of Christians did gather to pay their last respects and honor his life of service.
His ministry extended beyond preaching, touching many lives through prayer, pastoral care, and leadership among the churches facing persecution.
He advocated for Christians who experienced discrimination, violence, and they boldly speak out for Jesus even when extremists tried to silence him.
that's the news or thanks to international Christian concern.
I want to show you now my friends on video actually handing your donations from pray in Jesus name are going directly to the widow and orphans.
Here is Reverend Arshad Gill.
My dear sister and brother, I am Reverend Arshad Gill from Pakistan.
So right now I am sitting with my family.
You know very well
Yesterday, our brother was killed by the Muslims.
And thank you very much, Dr. Gordon, for your love and concern.
You are always showing your love for the people those who are suffering in Pakistan.
So I know I am standing with my team, Reverend Logan Kamarz, and Kamar, who is the trainer of the Presbyterian Church of Pakistan, and affected families here.
So God bless you.
Thank you very much for your love and concern.
And please,
do something for the affected family.
And I want to say that very clearly we are not saving Pakistan.
God bless you all.
Thank you very much.
So there you saw my friend, Reverend Arshad Gill, who hosted my conferences in Lahore, giving your money a small amount, but they don't have any life insurance.
So it's directly helping immediate needs of the three orphan children, college age, and the widow, the grieving mother,
Thank you for giving.
You can continue to give for persecuted pastors when you donate at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.
We are supporting pastors in Nepal, India, Pakistan.
And next month I'll be going to Bangladesh.
Please give today.
This is critical missionary work and you are the tip of the spear.
Let's live up to Pastor Solomon's example as Jesus described him in Matthew 10.
Do not fear those who can kill the body but cannot kill the soul, but rather fear him who is able to destroy both the body and the soul in hell.
Let us pray.
Father in heaven, we do not fear the terrorists who can kill us and kill our body, but not take our soul.
Instead, Lord Jesus, we love you and we fear you and we follow you, even if it costs us danger, even if they come after us,
We will have eternal reward in heaven.
Father, we pray your blessing on the memory of this pastor and God continue to provide for his widow and three children.
We pray in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Let's take a short break.
When we come back, the government in Canada seeks to ban crosses and public prayers.
Giving you a megaphone in Washington, D.C. Dr. Chaps will be right back.
Today I want to invite you to sign an important petition to Congress to protect military chaplains, especially their right to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
If you remember my story, you know that I was vindicated by Congress in 2006 after I took a principled stand for the right to pray in Jesus' name.
But Congress never did pass a positive law to let chaplains pray according to their conscience.
Would you sign that petition with me?
Let's take action today.
Do you need a physical or spiritual healing?
Are you being tested or tried?
When Jesus needed to pray, he went to the garden of Gethsemane.
Do you need to really connect with God?
If you're visiting Colorado Springs, come see the Gateway Prayer Garden just south of the city along Interstate 25.
Walk our prayer trails among the trees by the beautiful found creek.
Stand to the foot of our large cross and connect with Jesus.
Enter our life-size replica of the empty tomb.
and spend time reading key Bible verses etched in stone along our ground cross as big as a football field.
Join our worship gatherings and plan to attend our annual Easter Sunrise Worship Service.
We're located off I-25 Exit 132A at 8-0-3-5 Bandley Road, just north of the KOA campground.
Experience Jesus at GatewayPraerGarden.org.
That's GatewayPraerGarden.org.
exposing the fruitless deeds of darkness.
Here's Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
Our next story comes from LifeSite News, who confirms the government of Quebec.
The French-speaking province in Canada is now seeking to ban crosses and public prayers.
The government of Quebec has tabled a new bill which, if passed, would ban public prayer and funding for religious schools and more severely.
oppose any public displays of religious symbols.
Quebec's government now has its own secularism minister.
It's like a cabinet-level position to secularize, everybody.
John Francois Robégé.
He introduced Bill No.
9, an act respecting the enforcement of laicity.
In other words, you're all going to be laity.
You're not going to be priests in Quebec.
This is in the provincial national assembly, and he did that on November 27th.
American Thanksgiving Day.
Critics have warned that it is an attack on people's religious rights.
Nevertheless, Quebec says it will use the notwithstanding clause to ensure that the legislation remains law, thwarting any legal challenges made against it.
So even though the bill is tabled, they're going to enforce it anyway through the executive.
Six years ago, Quebec passed a law that banned teachers, judges, police officers, and other officials from ever-wearing religious symbols.
However, Secretary Roegier has told reporters that the new legislation is needed because people have advanced towards secularism.
He said the following quote.
Quebecers have advanced since 2019, which means
It is necessary to strengthen our model of secularism."
Leaving behind that religious stuff.
That's what they think is advancing.
Quebec announced in August that it was looking to ban public prayers in public places, especially after some Muslim groups had begun to prey on Quebec streets and parks.
Earlier this year, Quebec expanded its so-called religious symbols ban to include all school staff
Meaning anyone who works at a school, even a janitor, would not be allowed to wear a cross or a crucifix of any kind, or maybe even a t-shirt with a religious Bible verse.
The new law would also ban the wearing of hijabs and turbans for Muslim women working in schools, daycares and universities.
It could prevent teachers from wearing crucifix jewelry even in a Catholic school and ban any religious symbol from appearing in any communication from public institutions.
would also ban prayer rooms in public institutions.
Quebec premiere, Francois Legault, fully backs the new law saying earlier this month there is a threat in his province from radical Islamists.
Earlier this year, Montreal's Catholic Archbishop, Christian Lapine, condemned Quebec's proposed prayer ban and said it was like banning thought.
That's the news or thanks to life site news for that report.
As a former Navy chaplain, I always advocated for freedom of expression by people of any faith.
In fact, when I invited my Muslim sailor to say the prayer on the ship's microphone or my Catholic sailor, they were allowed to pray to Allah.
They were allowed to pray to Mary.
on the condition that when it was my turn, I could pray in Jesus' name.
In fact, the Navy supported freedom for other religions, but banned Jesus Christ.
So the irony was I was punished and they were allowed expression.
Now, I think the shoes on the other foot in Canada.
What they're trying to do is ban Islam, which, okay, they're angry about that.
but at the same time that the way that they do that is by banning Christianity.
And that's the wrong approach.
I believe we should follow the example of, was it the prophet Elijah?
He said, you pray to your God, they all, and I'll pray to my God, Yehovah.
And the God who answers by fire, he is God.
So let everybody pray diversely to their own gods.
And I think
are gods gonna win in the end because he really does answer by fire uh... the bible says this in john fifteen if the world hated you jesus says keep in mind that it hated me first if you belong to the world it would love you as its own as it is you do not belong to the world but i have chosen you out of the world that's why the world hates you that's why they're banning crosses and crucifixes because they hate jesus christ and canada
Quebec, France, right?
These are Christian nations.
And historically, they have always been that, and it's not advancement to move to secularism, it's communism.
Let's take a short break.
When we come back, Japan has a court that bans gay marriage.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
Dr. Gordon Klingenschmitt, a former Navy chaplain, court marshaled for praying in Jesus' name, has written an impactful book for such a time as this, How to Liberate the World, a step-by-step guide to taking our country back.
This book outlines 30 proven strategies for making changes in the world for good and not evil.
Dr. Klingschmidt's personal story and the success stories of 15 other patriots who created real change will inspire you and give you hope for a better future.
You too can be a world changer.
Order your copy of how to liberate the world today and we will include Dr. Klingschmidt's DVD set, how to become an effective Christian activist.
Dr. Cleansman also wants to send you a commemorative prayer coin with the image of our President to remind you to keep him and our country in your prayers.
To take advantage of the special TV offer, call the number on your screen or go online to PrayInJesusName.org.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
You know, Jesus taught the parable about sowing the seed.
And you don't want to waste it.
You want it to grow with 30, 60, 100-fold for the kingdom of Jesus Christ.
I'll tell you three mission areas that we're doing here at Pray in Jesus' Name.
I think our charity does more with less than any other charity I know.
We are fertile seed.
For example, number one, we pray in millions of television homes every day or every weekend on eight networks.
We have 2.5 billion
home TV impressions every month.
In the second area, we feed orphans and children.
In some of the poorest slums overseas, we're building a new vocational school, we're digging wells, and we're serving the poor when you give to pray in Jesus' name.
Number three, we defend religious freedom.
Especially for our troops and our chaplains, we've now helped send five million petitions to Congress.
We've helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states and four times in federal law.
You know my story as a former Navy chaplain standing up for the right to pray in Jesus' name and defending religious freedom.
Would you donate today?
In fact, we want you to come up monthly pledge sponsor.
When you visit PrayInJesusName.org, on the right side, click the monthly pledge sponsor button at PrayInJesusName.org.
Your monthly gift will help change the world in Jesus' name.
defending your religious freedom.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
Our last story today comes from LifeSite News who confirms a court in Tokyo, Japan has banned gay marriage in the entire Asian country.
It's still under review.
It's a lower court will be appealed, but a Tokyo court did rule that Japan's ban on homosexual marriage is actually constitutional because the
Constitution of Japan recognizes male and female.
It was an unusual decision defying a recent streak of other court rulings in the country, but now maintaining traditional marriage actually helps the raising of children, according to Judge Ayumi Higashi, who wrote that in his ruling, also noting that it is reasonable to interpret the Constitution's reference to husband and wife as a man and a woman.
This is reported by Japan today.
Judge Higashi ruled that the freedom of marriage established by Article 24 of Japan's Constitution does not apply to homosexual relationships, because it says husband and wife.
Article 24 of the Constitution states, in the English translation of the Japanese text, marriage shall be based only on the mutual consent of both sexes.
So the judge advised that laws on homosexual marriage should be deliberated in parliament, according to the newspaper main chief.
The plaintiffs plan to appeal the decision, which will be heard by the Supreme Court potentially next year, but by contrast, five recent other court rulings across the country had ruled a lack of legal status for homosexual marriage somehow violated the Constitution,
which recognizes male and female.
Those decisions all rejected compensation claims.
So no gay couples are getting paid for violation of their rights, supposedly, but the Japanese high courts do not have the authority to invalidate current law, making the rulings symbolic.
The law says what it says, and the liberal judges don't have the power to change that.
Japan today reported among 12 higher and lower court rulings so far, only one other court, the Osaka District Court, had ruled to ban homosexual marriage like this one did.
While Japan's new prime minister, Sanne Taikichi, opposes homosexual so-called marriage, the highly secular country mostly supports the deviant practice.
About 70% of polled
people in Japan allegedly support homosexual marriage, according to a 2023 Pew survey.
That's the highest rate of acceptance out of all the Asian countries surveyed.
Japan may be the most liberal.
But it remains one of the handful of countries in the developed world, along with Italy, South Korea, the Czech Republic, that have not yet legalized so-called homosexual marriage.
That's the news.
Thanks to LifeSite News.
for that report so seventy percent of japanese are polling in favor of gay marriage but the legislature has not passed a law to make it so meanwhile the constitution recognizes male and female both sexes it says that's what marriage is about and they continue to hold a traditional law even as the people are becoming more shall we say
educated right they've been propagandized by hollywood actually by uh... all kinds of cultural forces even from america that are surprisingly adopted by foreign populations even as their legal system has not yet caught up uh... caught up to what the old legal system for thousands of years was based on and continues to
derive its information from scientific biology of male and female anatomy, which of course is also biblical.
The Bible says this in Genesis 1.
So God created man in his own image, in the image of God he created him, that is Adam, male and female Eve, he created them.
God created Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve,
God created man in his own image, morally, to know and to do good.
And yet, through sin, we fell away from the commands of God.
And sin drags us away from the laws of God.
And when human judges, leftist judges, they try to create sin out of thin air and put that in the Japan Constitution, this one judge, sir, you are right.
Kaggashi, sir, we recognize upon you the spirit of Almighty God.
You are doing the right thing by defining marriage between one man and one woman.
Let's pray.
Would you pray with me?
Father in heaven, we pray in Jesus' name for the people of Japan, China, Korea, Philippines, everywhere that your influence reigns divine.
Father, we pray that marriage is protected and children are raised with one mom and one dad in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Let's take a short break and I'll have order to conclude the show.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
You know, people ask me, Chaps, we're watching on this network.
We've already set our DVR to record your shows, but our friends don't have this network or maybe they can't watch it this time.
Did you know we're on demand on 10 different platforms?
You can tell your friends to find this show, PIJN News, on their Roku box or their Amazon fire box.
Just look under the religion or news categories.
Or maybe you have a smartphone or your friends or grandchildren can find us on Android TV, Google TV, Smart TV, or iTunes.
Of course, we're always on the internet.
Look for us on YouTube or Facebook or Twitter, or better yet, subscribe to our daily email alerts at PrayInJesusName.org.
It's important that you share all of these available platforms with your friends so we can mobilize all of the body of Christ to pray the news and change the world.
Would you join us?
Visit PrayInJesusName.org to learn more.
How is your marriage doing?
Ladies, would you like to learn how to get your husband to love you the way Christ loves the church?
Men, would you like your wife to show proper respect?
You know, there's a Bible way to have a godly marriage.
I'm not saying I'm the expert, but we interview in a four-part video teaching series, a marriage and family ministry expert, Vince D'Acchioli.
And we go through the scriptures in four different parts.
Part one is God's design for man and woman.
Part two is godly roles for husband and wife.
Three is sex and intimacy within godly marriage.
And also God's plan for divorce.
You want to have this important four-part video series available for a suggested donation of $30 if you call our toll-free prayer line at 866-ObeyGod.
Again, that's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. Or visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
We're here in Israel in literally the scene of all of the holy sites, like the Via Dolorosa, where Jesus carried his cross.
The garden tomb where he was raised from the dead.
The Sea of Galilee, where he taught the disciples.
And I prayed, Lord, how can I bring this inspiring environment into your living room?
And what we've produced is a four DVD disc set with the entire Gospel of Matthew.
I teach every verse in all 28 chapters of Matthew in short, 12 minute segments so you can understand the exact words that Jesus taught from the exact location where Jesus lived.
Pick up the phone right now and call us at 866-ObeyGod.
Again, that's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D.
for a suggested donation of just $50.00.
We'll give you all four discs, the entire Gospel of Matthew, or you can write to us at the address on your screen or visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
You're gonna love this Bible teaching.
Pick up the phone and call us today.
He is the intersection of church and state.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Thank you for giving and supporting us financially today, especially as you give
to the grieving widow and orphans who are hurting in Pakistan.
Please donate today at PrayInJesusName.org.
The Bible says in Deuteronomy 16, every man shall give as he is able to give according to the blessing of the Lord your God which he has given to you.
So if God has blessed you with a lot, give a lot.
He's blessed you with a little, give a little, but give according to your ability by calling us today at 866-Obey-God.
We'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the air.
Would you please send your best financial donation today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online.
Or you can mail a check to PrayInJesusName Ministries, post office box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now, 866-Obey-God.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.